README.md, before:

![Publish Status](https://github.com/ether/ep_table_of_contents/workflows/Node.js%20Package/badge.svg) ![Backend Tests Status](https://github.com/ether/ep_table_of_contents/workflows/Backend%20tests/badge.svg)

# Builds a table of contents into the Etherpad interface

Enable under settings.
Create headings, watch the TOC populate in real time.

## Configuration

If you want to have the TOC shown by default, add following snippet to your `settings.json`:

```json
"ep_toc": {
  "disable_by_default": false
},
```

## License
Copyright 2014, John McLear

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Mention toc parameter in README

README.md, after:

![Publish Status](https://github.com/ether/ep_table_of_contents/workflows/Node.js%20Package/badge.svg) ![Backend Tests Status](https://github.com/ether/ep_table_of_contents/workflows/Backend%20tests/badge.svg)

# Builds a table of contents into the Etherpad interface

Enable under settings.
Create headings, watch the TOC populate in real time.

## Configuration

If you want to have the TOC shown by default, add following snippet to your `settings.json`:

```json
"ep_toc": {
  "disable_by_default": false
},
```

You can also set this on a per-pad basis by setting the URL parameter `toc` to `true` or `false`.

## License
Copyright 2014, John McLear

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
